Added blogpost for COOP `restrict-properties` (#6987)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/blog/coop-restrict-properties/index.md

---
layout: 'layouts/blog-post.njk'
title: "Secure popup interactions with `restrict-properties`"
subhead: >

>   Get cross-origin isolation and XS-Leaks protection while interacting with popups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Get cross-origin isolation and cross-site leaks protection while interacting with popups.
```

description: >

>   Get cross-origin isolation and XS-Leaks protection while interacting with popups. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Get cross-origin isolation and cross-site leaks protection while interacting with popups. 
```

date: 2023-08-08
origin_trial:
  url: /origintrials/#/view_trial/1827335548805578753
hero:
    image/O2RNUyVSLubjvENAT3e7JSdqSOx1/QC14LcaYBMQfE48YGQBk.webp
alt: A soap bubble.
authors:
  - agektmr
  - hemeryar
  - maudn
tags:
  - security
  - origin-trials
---

A new value for
[Cross-Origin Opener Policy (COOP)](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Cross-Origin-Opener-Policy)
is available: `restrict-properties`. It brings in security benefits and makes
it easier to adopt [cross-origin isolation](https://web.dev/coop-coep/) while
allowing your site to interact with third-party popups for payments,
authentication, or other use cases.

> You can experiment with `restrict-properties` starting in [Chrome
> 116](https://chromiumdash.appspot.com/schedule), by participating in the [origin
> trial](#origin-trial).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start experimenting with `restrict-properties` participate in the [origin
trial](#origin-trial) starting in [Chrome 116](https://chromiumdash.appspot.com/schedule).
```

## Why use `restrict-properties`

> `restrict-properties` has two main use cases: prevent [XS-Leaks](https://xsleaks.dev/) without breakage, and [cross-origin isolate](https://web.dev/why-coop-coep/) your site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`restrict-properties` has two main use cases: prevent [cross-site leaks](https://xsleaks.dev/) without breakage, and [cross-origin isolate](https://web.dev/why-coop-coep/) your site.
```
